Unity AI Game

A game where a team of bots fight agains another team of bots in
a proceduraly generated area. Bots manage their health, ammo and 
take cover as they fight another team.


Unity Escape the house/cave

A game where the main player objective is reaching the exit of the 
house/cave. The area is proceduraly generated and creates another scene 
each time player reaches the exit creating an endless journey. The area 
is patrolled by a team of bots which act as guards and their objective is 
to catch the player thus ending the game. The player has to use covers and 
hideout areas generated by the game in order to not get detected.

updated

In Slavic folklore ‘Leshy’ is considered as a guardian spirit of woodlands and literally means ‘(he) from the forest’. While this spirit is described in many forms it attracts attention when its used as a way to scare children from going deep into forests as they say Leshy abducts children and shares them with ‘Chort’ or ‘The Black One’.
The goal of this project is to design, develop and evaluate a procedural 3D game. A player is challenged to escape the forest guarded by the mysterious woodland spirit. A player must show its cleverness by hiding behind objects, not stepping too quickly and using environment to its advantage. As mentioned the player will face a mysterious spirit which will try to detect the player and chase the player once detected. Since the spirit guards the forest, it also has sound detection which makes it harder to complete. Once the player has reached the end a new scene is going to generate creating another level. The goal is to complete as many levels as possible. In later stages wolves might be added to make it more challenging.
Whole scene is going to be generated procedurally generating bounds, obstacles, passages between bigger rooms and of course lots of trees.
This idea is heavily inspired by titles such as “Slender”, “Alien: Isolation”, “Amnesia: The Dark Descent”, “Soma”. These titles differentiate a lot from this idea, but in common they include the main villain which the players must avoid in order to succeed in the game.

updated 03/10/2015

The goal of this project is to design, develop and evaluate a procedural 3D game.

Main focus of this project is to create a procedurally generated forest where each tree is generated using code, providing a wide variety of lifeforms. 

The main objective is to find an exit to this forest in form of level completion. Since the forest is generated procedurally it will be used each time a level is completed, forming an endless journey, different each time played. The goal is to complete as many levels as possible.

The challenge of the game will be the intelligent enemy trying to catch the player. The gameplay focuses on stealth mechanics and the player will face activities like hiding, silent movement and environment awareness. As mentioned the enemy will be intelligent and will not chase the player randomly unless seen or heard at closer range. Different conditions will force the enemy to act differently and as the game progresses its movement and reactions become faster until the player ultimately loses. 

Whole scene is going to be generated procedurally, generating bounds, obstacles and passages between bigger rooms and of course lots of trees. 

This idea is inspired by titles such as “Alien: Isolation”, “Amnesia: The Dark Descent”, “Soma”. These titles focus a lot on stealth mechanics and so this project will have this feature. 

